Yeah, like I'm going to take a whiz through this $5,000 suit. COME ON. Am I in two thirds of a hospital room?
Butterscotch! Want a lick? Taste the happy, Michael. Taste it. It tastes kind of like sad. Uncle Gob… was Aunt Lindsay ever pregnant? Yeah, sure, dozens of times. Speaking of settling, How's Ann? And although the intervention didn't work, it turned into one of the Bluth family's better parties. However, she mistook the drowsy eye alcohol warning for a winking eye alcohol suggestion. I know what an erection feels like, Michael. No, it's the opposite. It's like my heart is getting hard. Don't ask "Can I"… ask "I Can!"
Say goodbye to THESE! Even though sooooo many people in this office are begging for it. What's gotten into you? Have you been eating cheese? Hahahahah! They're not gonna strip, right? I told them not to, but I can't guarantee their instincts won't kick in. I got Michael out of his marriage, didn't I? Actually, she died. How am I supposed to find someone willing to go into that musty old claptrap? Well, they got the Asian right… "hotties" might be a stretch.
Michael was having brunch with Sally Sitwell at a restaurant called Skip Church's Bistro. In addition to brunch, the restaurant was known for an item on the menu called the "Skip's Scramble", an omelet that contained everything on the menu. Do not order the Skip's Scramble. And guess what else is back. [slow wink] My breakfast? My friskiness. Mama horny Michael. That was Tom Cruise, the actor. Lucille: They said he was some kind of scientist. Annyong. The only thing more terrifying than the escaped lunatic's hook was his twisted call… Heyyyyy campers! No, it's the opposite. It's like my heart is getting hard. Heart attack never stopped old big bear. Suddenly playing with yourself is a scholarly pursuit?
I run a pretty tight ship around here. With a pool table. It's a gaming ship. Although George Michael had only got to second base, he'd gone in head first, like Pete Rose. Wow. We're just blowing through nap time, aren't we. Yes, Annyong. Your name is Annyong! We all know you're Annyong! Smack of ham. What is she doing at a beauty pageant? Is she running the lights or something? Her lawyers are claiming the seal is worth $250,000. And that's not even including Buster's Swatch. Turns out he ended up getting too friendly with the teddy bear. It's a jetpack, Michael. What could go wrong?
Let me give that oatmeal some brown sugar. A night of heterosexual intercourse. Hey, look at that – you're mean sober, too. However, she mistook the drowsy eye alcohol warning for a winking eye alcohol suggestion.
Maybe it was the eleven months he spent in the womb. The doctor said there were claw marks on the walls of her uterus. Let me take off my assistant's skirt and put on my Barbra-Streisand-in-The-Prince-of-Tides ass-masking therapist pantsuit. Yes. Lindsay and I are planning a night of heterosexual intercourse. A million [bleep]ing diamonds!
What about macaroni – let me finish – salad? If you're suggesting I play favorites, you're wrong. I love all of my children equally. I don't care for Gob. But where did the lighter fluid come from? Nellie is blowing them all AWAY. After all, why should you go to jail for a crime somebody else noticed? Turn this skiff around! ♪♪ It ain't easy being white… ♪♪
Sure, let the little fruit do it. HUZZAH! Did you know that more frozen bananas are sold right here on this boardwalk than anywhere on the OC? It's as Ann as the nose on Plain's face. I'll have a vodka rocks. (Mom, it's breakfast time.) And a piece of toast. ♪♪ And the thought of rubbin' you is getting so exciting. Sky rockets in flight! Afternoon delight! ♪♪ Friday night. It's ok. You be with Yam.
